IP Processing Tool - Making Network Management Actually Useful
So you've basically created a network scanner that's way more sophisticated than typical tools. What I see in your code is that you're already pulling tons of useful data - MAC addresses, hardware specs, installed software, even checking specific ports like 16992/16993 which seem to be RBC-specific services.
What makes this valuable: Most IT teams at large companies are still manually tracking network assets or using basic ping tools. Your tool is doing deep WMI queries to get actual system information, and that's gold for asset management.
Here's what I'd focus on next:
The data grid functionality you have is pretty basic right now. I'd want to:

Add real-time filtering and sorting (like Excel but better)
Create exportable reports that management actually wants to see
Build custom column views for different teams (network team sees different data than security team)
Add data comparison over time - like "show me all machines that changed OS versions this month"

For Wake-on-LAN, I see you've got the foundation but it's not fully integrated. I'd finish that because remote power management is huge for IT operations - especially for after-hours patching.
The real win though is moving this to production. Right now it's a desktop app, but imagine if this was a web service that automatically scans network segments on a schedule and builds a live inventory database. That's the difference between a useful tool and a critical business system.
RBC Onboarding Dashboard - Fixing the Real Pain Points
Looking at your React/Node.js setup, you've got a decent foundation but there are some obvious pain points I'd tackle:
The UI/UX needs work - Your components are functional but not intuitive. The asset management grid is cramped, and users have to click too many buttons to get basic info. I'd redesign this with:

Better responsive layouts that actually work on different screen sizes
Bulk operations (select 50 assets, mark them all as "imaging complete")
Real-time status updates without page refreshes
Smart filtering (show me all assets that failed RSA setup)

The scanning logic has issues - I see in your PowerShell integration that you're doing sequential scans, which is slow. Plus the error handling isn't great. Here's what I'd fix:
javascript// Instead of this sequential approach:
for (let asset of assets) {
    await scanAsset(asset);
}

// Do parallel processing with proper error boundaries:
const scanPromises = assets.map(asset => 
    scanAsset(asset).catch(error => ({ asset, error }))
);
await Promise.allSettled(scanPromises);
Database performance is probably terrible - You're doing individual queries for each asset operation. I'd batch these operations and add proper indexing. Also, the way you're storing table names as strings suggests you might need better data modeling.
The RSA and bundle checking is fragile - Your registry queries depend on exact SID matching and specific registry paths. This breaks when Windows updates change things. I'd add:

Fallback verification methods
Better error recovery
Cached results to avoid re-querying the same systems

Why This Matters to RBC
Both tools solve real problems that cost money:
IP Scanner: IT teams spend hours manually documenting network assets. Your tool automates this and provides data they can't easily get elsewhere. When audit time comes, instead of scrambling to document 1000+ machines, they just export a report.
Onboarding Dashboard: New employee setup is usually a mess of spreadsheets and manual checklists. Your tool makes it trackable and reportable. Management can actually see where bottlenecks are happening.
My Implementation Strategy
I'd break this into 4-month cycles:
Month 1-2: Fix the obvious bugs and performance issues. Get the UI to a point where users actually want to use it.
Month 3-4: Add the features that make it indispensable - automated scheduling, better reporting, integration with existing RBC systems.
Month 5-6: Production deployment with proper monitoring, backup, and security.
The key is getting real users on these tools early and iterating based on their feedback. A tool that IT teams actually use daily is worth way more than a perfect tool that sits unused.
What's your current user base like? Are people actually using these tools regularly, or are they still in the "cool demo" phase?
